Edit rest of document (The empty interface and Summary) (#20)
Pungyeon/clean-go-article: README.md

### The Empty `interface{}`
Unlike other languages, Go does not have an implementation for generics. There have been many proposals for one, but all have been turned down by the Go language team. Unfortunately, without generics, developers must try to find creative alternatives, which very often involves using the empty `interface{}`. This section describes why these often <em>too</em> creative implementations should be considered bad practice and unclean code. There will also be examples of appropriate usage of the empty `interface{}` and how to avoid some pitfalls of writing code with it.

As mentioned in a previous section, Go determines whether a concrete type implements a particular interface by checking whether the type implements the <em>methods</em> of that interface. So what happens if our interface declares no methods, as is the case with the empty interface?

```go
type EmptyInterface interface {}
```

> The above is equivalent to the built-in type `interface{}`. A natural consequence of this is that we can write generic functions&mdash;ones that accept any type as arguments. This is extremely useful for certain kinds of functions, such as print helpers. Interestingly, this is actually what makes it possible to pass in any type to the `Println` function from the `fmt` package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above is equivalent to the built-in type `interface{}`. A natural consequence of this is that we can write generic functions that accept any type as arguments. This is extremely useful for certain kinds of functions, such as print helpers. Interestingly, this is actually what makes it possible to pass in any type to the `Println` function from the `fmt` package:
```

Author: Good point, that actually reads better! Could you also get rid of the `&mdash;` before it and replace it with a space?

Reviewer: done!

```go
func Println(v ...interface{}) {
    ...
}
```

> In this case, `Println` isn't just accepting a single `interface{}`; rather, the function accepts a <em>slice</em> of types. These can be <em>any</em> types, not necessarily all the same. The only requirement is that all of the types implement the empty `interface{}`, which we are certain that any type will. This is a very common pattern when handling string conversation (both from and to a string). Good examples of this come from the `json` standard library package:

Reviewer: One of those times where I feel that a sentence should be a little different, but not sure, if below is an improvement?

```suggestion
In this case, `Println` isn't just accepting a single `interface{}`; rather, the function accepts a <em>slice</em> of types. The only requirement is that all of the types implement the empty `interface{}`, which we are certain that any type will. This enables `Println` to accept a slice of <em>any</em> type, whose elements aren't restricted to being uniform. This is a very common pattern when handling string conversation (both from and to a string). Good examples of this come from the `json` standard library package:
```

Author: Hmm, I think we end up repeating `the function accepts a <em>slice</em> of types` when we say `This enables `Println` to accept a slice of <em>any</em> type, whose elements aren't restricted to being uniform.`

I do agree that my edit is a bit wordy, though. What do you think of this alternative?

```
According to the signature, `Println` accepts a single `interface{}`. In reality, this means it accepts a <em>slice</em> of any type, whose elements need not be uniform. This is a very common pattern...
```

Reviewer: Hmm... how about this instead then?

```suggestion
In this case, `Println` isn't just accepting a single `interface{}`; rather, the function accepts a <em>slice</em> of types that implement the empty `interface{}`. As there are no methods associated with the empty `interface{}` <em>all</em> types are accepted, even making it possible to feed `Println` with a slice of different types. This is a very common pattern when handling string conversation (both from and to a string). Good examples of this come from the `json` standard library package:
```

Author: Yep, that works! Just be sure to add a comma after ``interface{}`` :)

Reviewer: I'm guessing you mean before the <em>all</em>?

```suggestion
In this case, `Println` isn't just accepting a single `interface{}`; rather, the function accepts a <em>slice</em> of types that implement the empty `interface{}`. As there are no methods associated with the empty `interface{}`, <em>all</em> types are accepted, even making it possible to feed `Println` with a slice of different types. This is a very common pattern when handling string conversation (both from and to a string). Good examples of this come from the `json` standard library package:
```

Author: Oh, yeah, there :)

```go
func InsertItemHandler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
    var item Item
    if err := json.NewDecoder(r.Body).Decode(&item); err != nil {
        http.Error(w, err.Error(), http.StatusBadRequest)
        return
    }

    if err := db.InsertItem(item); err != nil {
        http.Error(w, err.Error(), http.StatusInternalServerError)
        return
    }
    w.WriteHeader(http.StatsOK)
}
```

> All the less elegant code is hidden within the `Decode` function. Thus, developers using this functionality won't have to worry about type reflection or type casting; we just have to worry about providing a pointer to a concrete type. This is good because the `Decode()` function is technically returning a concrete type. We are passing in our `Item` value, which will be populated from the body of the HTTP request. This means we won't have to deal with the potential risks of handling the `interface{}` value ourselves.

Reviewer: So, my choice of the word 'contained' was actually rather specific.... I'm not really trying to hide the implementation (necessarily), I'm just trying to isolate / contain it, so users of the library aren't affected.

Author: Ah, my bad! Let's go with contained. Do you want to make the suggestion or should I push an edit on my end?

Reviewer: Just push on your end :)

Author: Done!
